uPresent
=============

uPresent, pronounced "micro present", is a markdown flavor for writing presentations; uPresent presentations are written in a concise, intuitive syntax and are compiled into beautiful, lightweight HTML.

uPresent compiles [this](https://github.com/bobbybee/uPresent/blob/master/test.up) to [this](http://backtick.town/~alyssa/test.html#slide0).

Usage
=============

uPresent follows standard UNIX philosophy for compiling:

    node publish.js [presentation.up] -o [presentation.html]

 where presentation.up is the markdown file and presentation.html is the output file. `-o presentation.html` can be omitted to print to the console.

To install, at the moment type `npm install` in the working directory after cloning the repository and installing node.js and npm.

Syntax
============
The first line of a uPresent presentation is the name of the presentation, always.

The rest of the presentation consists of a series of slides.

A slide is defined as a slide marker (a bunch of hyphens on their own line), followed by some content.

Within the content, most standard markdown rules apply (single underscores for italics, double asterisks for bold, a pound sign for a header, markdown image syntax, etc.)

Bullet points are created with a single tilde at the beginning of the line, and indented bullet points are created with two tildes.

An example presentation can be found in the `test.up` file.

Publishing
=============

The HTML file generated by `publish.js` will not standalone; by itself, it contains only crudely formatted content. When publishing a uPresent presentation, it is necessary to include the `style.css` and `scripts.js` files in the same directory; these files provide themeing and slide navigation features respectively.

Special Thanks
==============

Special thanks to [@hardmath123](http://github.com/hardmath123) for providing a great deal of feedback and design suggestions for the project during its infancy.
